h1. geektool-scripts

This is a collection of my ruby scripts to be used with Geektool. Each script takes some sane parameters and is documented below.

h2. puts

Description: prints string eval of the input
Usage: puts ruby_string_expression
Exmaples:
<pre><code>
puts Hello, world! # => Hello, world!
puts "Time: #{now 'hh:mm TT'}" # => Time: 03:32 AM
</code></pre>

h2. now

Description: prints current date and time using conventional format input like 'MM/DD/YY', 'MMMM D, YYYY' or 'hh:mm'
Usage: now date_time_format
Exmaples:
<code>
  now MM/DD/YYYY # => 08/29/2011
  now MMMM D, YYYY # => August 29, 2011
  now h:mm TT # => 3:34 AM
  now HH:mm:ss # => 03:34:01
</code>
Formats:
<code>
  now YYYY YY # => 2011 11
  now MMMM MMM MM M # => August Aug 08 8 (MM is zero-padded, M is not)
  now DDDD DDD DD D # => Monday Mon 29 29 (DD is zero-padded)
  now HH H hh h # => 03 3 03 3 (HH and H are 24-hour clock, hh and h are 12-hour; HH and hh are zero-padded)
  now TT T tt t # => AM A am a
  now mm m # => 34 34 (mm is zero-padded)
  now ss s # => 01 1 (ss is zero-padded)
</code>

h2. weather

Description: prints weather infomation using Yahoo! Weather, also caches files (RSS, image icon) to local folder
Usage: weather weather_format
Config file: config/weather.rb
Exmaples:
<code>
  weather CCCC, TTTT # => Fair, 66°F
  weather High: HHH, Low: LLL # => High: 87°, Low: 65°
</code>
Formats:
<code>
  weather CCCC # => Fair (text description of current condition)
  weather TT TTT TTTT # => 66 66° 66°F (current temperature)
  weather HH HHH HHHH # => 87 87° 87°F (today's high)
  weather LL LLL LLLL # => 65 65° 65°F (today's low)
</code>
